listen so without remorse is based on
the 1993 novel by john clancy that
follows one of the characters from the
jack ryan franchise known as john clark
and i remember back when willem dafoe
was playing him in clear and present
danger
revenge is a very very very dangerous
motivation
now that amazon has the krazynski jack
ryan series they figured why not have
the dude playing their ai
also be a franchise spy and michael b
also executive produced and got stefano
solima who's worked on some pretty good
shows to direct it
so if you got any sicario vibes it's
because this is also the dude who
directed the sequel
and even got taylor sheridan who wrote
both of them to pen the script
alongside the man who wrote modern
warfare three
problem is they took this very popular
book they got the name
but then decided to not adapt the book
storyline at
all let me explain
now in my opinion the action sequences
in this movie are decent enough that if
you're watching it with the targeted
demographics that is
dads i'm sure it wouldn't be a bad
rented but good thing it's streaming
because that's the best way to enjoy it
in my opinion so
go watch it on amazon prime because
we're going to get into full spoilers
in this take john kelly's a navy seal
living in his lovely suburban home
fulfilling the american dream with
lauren london
the problem is is that the dream comes
with a cost
pregnant you should try it oh michael p
would never gain those pounds
see due to bad intel the opening mission
has him taking out russian military
which leads john kelly's team to be
hunted down one by one
including his own family which sets off
this revenge story they better hope he
doesn't survive
the movie also stars jamie bell who
plays a cia officer who thinks he knows
more than he does
while guy pierce plays the secretary of
defense who pretends like he doesn't
know as much as he does
my hands are tied man should have left
himself more mementos
but considering they got pert hanley
covering the news in this world i
wouldn't be surprised if no one's really
informed let's begin the show by
starting it jody turner smith plays
commander karen greer who was swapped
from the book
i know the show has wendell pierce
playing james greer so i don't know if
they're going to eventually combine the
entire ryan verse as it leads up to
jim becoming president but i had no idea
as i was researching this
story that there's never been a female
navy seal and the one woman
who actually passed the rigorous
training at the end decided to pass on
becoming one so
they worked in movie magic with this one
jody was also filming this while
pregnant in her second trimester so
shout out to her how come both times my
world is gone as
you're standing in the middle of it i
just
wish they had conceived some better
lines for her but one thing that the
movie did a fantastic job on that so
many big budget ones just
get off is delighting i know michael b
talked about the extra steps he's taken
as producer to make sure that tones are
captured correctly
and running productions that tell
updated stories although
i still think they should have kept it
closer to the book the vietnam storyline
from the novel that deals with the pow
camps alongside
the mafia drug ring that smuggling
heroin inside the corpses of american
soldiers
is completely axed from the movie
instead it questions america and the
optics that are set up for the cause
see it turns out that secretary clay is
behind it all and the man was pulling in
ozymandias believing that america is
strongest when we're united against a
common enemy
and i guess he saw rocky iv and creed
too because he sees russia as the
ultimate bout
see he set up the entire thing so that
both countries would find dead
operatives on each other's soil
like those in michael b's house in the
beginning and then duping michael b and
the team and the latter half of the
movie
to go overseas as a setup so that then
their bodies can raise tensions and
cause
another cold war we served the country
that didn't love us back
we fought for what america could be and
while the movie's dialogue goes deep
in its references it's the resolution
that kind of strips it back
since it really is just putting the
blame on this one individual who once
he's gone i guess it's all better
honestly when you look back at
sheridan's scripts
this man really does end most of his
stories by just pitting two groups
against each other
and then just calling it a day you're
gonna help us start a war
with who everyone now while the story
was okay compared to what the novel
offered
it really is all about the action for
the movie with michael b even doing his
own stunts there are several action
pieces that i thought were
pretty pretty cool but considering this
isn't a superhero realm
like they really didn't balance that
gritty real tone that they thought they
were going for
like i know that michael b likes his
milk and has strong bones but
they were sneezing bullets into this man
and then he's just up and walking again
faster than the shipping on your amazon
package like they really made this man
one of the highlights that they kept
touting was a bit where there's a
burning car
and he actually walks into it while it's
lit
i turned it down to fire for me a little
bit
a lot a bit i mean yeah it looks cool i
i don't really know how it uh pertains
to the story too much but like
he had just drenched himself in alcohol
prior to this bit so i feel like he
literally would have turned into the
human torch making this one hell of a
reunion
you know i'm not just blowing smoke
because that would be an easy thing to
do
um you know because he's my producer i
do think michael b
is a dope action star and he carries a
fantastic screen presence with him it's
just
the moments where they stop the movie to
tell you that he is just that
it makes it kind of lame you comedian is
that it no no
no he's just a bit of a smart ass no
that's not right i'm the smartest yeah
he's uh he's more
badass oh i wish detention in scenes
like when he's trapped in jail
weren't undercut by a call that just
gets him out when he finally hunts down
the bad guy who is the literal
literal inverse of him he just so
happens to be strapped with explosives
and kelly just hides behind a wall and
he's okay there are a lot of cool
sequences
i just wish he had a bigger impact that
said it's clear that he's making himself
the
brand and more power to him as he even
finds way to call back his past works
these are the pawns and they like the
soldiers so how do you get to be the
king
i'll show them what a pawn could do to a
king overall i think the action is
choreographed very well
even if it is executed in a way that
makes the stakes feel so low
but i think that prime has a good cast
and crew to make a really great action
franchise
they just definitely should be honoring
the books a bit more if those are the
literal stories that you're hyping up to
bring fans in
calling it rainbow okay alexa make sure
michael b doesn't switch it up too much
thank you all for watching this video
and i'm curious to know your thoughts
down below in the comment section
uh personally i think coleman domingo
needed more screen time
man just needs more roles in general i
think he would be a great voice actor
but
even in this franchise he should be
coming back i know the after credit's a
lewd two-way sequel which i think they
already signed a deal for
and where he's joined the cia he's with
jamie and he's even more secretive than
he was before
since he's supposed to be dead and is
now a ghost but when you're dealing with
rainbow six like even the posters right
like they're telling you
without remorse comes from the guy who
did rainbow six yeah it also comes with
the guy who wrote without remorse so
obviously rainbow six is is going to be
really hyped up like i feel
everybody about that game and since
michael b's a gamer i'm sure he's stoked
for it but when you're dealing with a
franchise that's this big
you can't fumble it for the fans you
know they are looking forward to
something and you can't switch it up too
much
and you know they got a good team i just
hope they keep it right i really do like
the moves that michael b's been making
you know he's getting behind the scenes
which makes a lot of sense and he's even
going to be directing soon with the
creed movie and
supposedly he's even bringing static
shock to the big screen so i'm excited
for what he has in store
jody's also got that new coconado movie
that she's working on which
oh i'm super stoked for but i'm curious
for the clancy fans how you all want to
see the franchise be expanded upon with
prime behind it
let me know your theories thoughts
anything else and until next time don't
forget to comment like subscribe
michael b will rock you to sleep